https://codepen.io/FearlessKidd/pen/KKwrgNJ
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
introduces meaning to the web page rather than just presentation.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to create web pages with links.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is used to define characteristics on an HTML element and
    is put inside the elements opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used for the most important information usually at the
    top of a page and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    An img element and "a" for href.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
     You put a title and style.
    7. What is an id? 
    An id is an attribute that is used to specify an HTML element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    id can be used on any HTML element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    id can only be used once.
    10. What is a class? 
    A class is an attribute used to style elements equally within the same class.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any HTML element can be added to a class.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    There is no limit on how many of the same classes could be used on a page.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    You use target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    The alt attribute is used to descibre an image for screen readers.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    You reference an id using "#"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section groups the content inside as related while a div groups content without a specific meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to arrange and stylize your page.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    You select an element by using the elements name. For example, to reference
    every h3, you type h3 to select all h3 elements.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    The difference between class and id is that class can be applied to any 
    HTML element while id can only be used by one element.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    In CSS to select a class you use "." before the class name.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    You use .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



   --> 